(metallic music)
- Calculating the amount
of protein you need,
is pretty simple.
You need one gram per
pound of body weight,
and there's many research studies
have driven this conclusion.
One gram per pound of body weight
or 2.2 gram per kilogram of body weight.
All of this research was
done, with standard sources
not including fortagen.
So it was done with whey protein,
or it was done with meats
or whatever somebody was eating in a day
and there's many studies on this.
So I see people looking at
the fact that meats only have
38% of absorbability.
So they only count 38% of the grams
of protein towards their, you know,
what they get in their day.
You don't need to do that.
Don't do that.
So calculate the amount of grams you need
like so let's say you weigh 200 pounds,
you need 200 grams of protein,
then if you want to be
at a caloric deficit
so remember being in a
caloric deficit usually means
you're at a protein deficit too
and that's a way to lose muscle.
If you're at a chloric deficit,
but a protein match number
or a protein surplus,
you're not gonna lose muscle,
but you will lose body fat.
And that seems to be what
everybody's looking for.
So what I do is, so I weigh 240 pounds
so I try and get 200 grams of
protein through leaner meats.
I'm going leaner now
because I'm trying to be a leaner athlete,
because I got sort of as big as
I kinda ever really wanted to be.
And, now I'm cutting cause
everybody has different goals
so I used to eat like a
platter or rabbis every night.
Now I'm eating like a platter of filets
or New York steaks which were
much leaner cuts of meat.
So, when I do my fortagen,
I like doing two doses of it.
I do one in the morning, one at night.
So I can have it whenever but,
so I get a hundred grams of
equivalent high quality protein
from the fortagen,
but then I get 200 grams
totaling 300 in a day
because I wanna overshoot that number just
to make sure that I'm
really going to be anabolic,
while I sleep and I build a
considerable amount of muscle.